Though I walk in the valley of deep shadow, I fear no harm.
For you are with me, and the fighting started again.
But the family that took us in was a gift from Jehovah,
while we waited for the trains to start running again.
We tried our best to help others.
They're nearly finished. I'm going to go help them clean up.
Luda.
Yakiv.
I know her from school.
This is my brother Pablo.
He protects this whole area.
I'm surprised you're still here.
You too.
Why? I stayed to help the fight.
Where else would I be?
Oh, no. I just meant...
This is our home.
Everybody has to do their part to support the war.
I'm...
You're what?
Jesus Jehovah.
They don't care about the country.
Oh, the cowards.
Your people?
Should be shot.
Come on.
Let's go.
It just froze.
Fear is not true.
We all get afraid.
But let's look at what Jesus told us.
However, when they hand you over,
do not become anxious about how or what you are to speak.
For what you are to speak will be given you in that hour.
So, let's talk about what you can say
because when you have Jehovah's thoughts in here,
you will always give you the words when you need them.
Today is the day we'll try to leave.
We have brothers and sisters waiting for us.
After all these weeks, it may finally happen.
Have your tickets and ID ready!
One at a time.
Go ahead, I'm right behind you.
Leaving the country?
Yes.
Me, my mother, and my grandma are leaving.
We're giving priority to the week and sick.
And there's a lot you can do here.
Don't you care about your country?
I respect our country, but I am loyal to God.
I support God's kingdom first.
I think we make you stay.
Go back.
Hold on.
God's kingdom?
Did you say God's kingdom?
My father, he was one of you.
I don't agree with your beliefs,
but I know you're good people.
So you and your family get on the train.
Do not become anxious.
For what you are to speak will be given you.
I didn't know how Jehovah would do it.
But I put my trust in him.
And he showed me that I have nothing to fear.